Oh
hi everyone it's Monday morning I'm
annoyed with myself because I've lied in
too long completely by accident I went
to bed like past midnight but I thought
okay that's fine because I'll be up at
8:30 ish nine-ish managed to wake up at
6 o'clock in the morning so that's for
next aim and I was like right I've got
to go back to bed now and then I didn't
wake up until 10:00 and I didn't get out
of bed until 10:30 and now I've got my
breakfast and it's probably nearing
11:00 now this is what happens well in
my home when I'm at uni I would never
dream of being up this late I'm only up
this little a very rare occurrence at
uni I don't know what it is my
surroundings just put me in a completely
different mindset I'm gonna have to
change that if I want to have a hope of
doing well in exams I am just about to
go on a run because it is an extremely
sunny day outside I can see that blue
sky and I just want to go outside today
I've also not done any exercise in so
long I've gone from being so active in
Cambridge like going out every day
starting to letters every day going to
the gym once a week causally being
around and all my feet are just going up
and down the stairs in the house for
food from the kitchen I definitely need
to change that have you looked outside
bring my boys and it looks pretty quiet
out there
I think I'm preaching to be able to go
out and still manage to keep a safe
distance away from other people because
yes we are our social distancing mission
I live quite close to the seafront so
I'm going to go run along the seafront
have a view of the sea it should be
pleasant the promenade is big enough
that I'm not going to have any trouble
staying away from people can I take a
quick run and then come back to have
lunch and get all this and work this
afternoon
[Music]
hello everyone
so this is just a brief interlude
because I wanted to talk about New
Scientist magazine who I'm very excited
to be working with again you might
remember that I spoke about them in as
look a few months back they're a weekly
science and technology magazine which
you can get a digital subscription to so
you can't access the weekly issues on an
app on your phone and you can also get
access to their website I am honestly
addicted to New Scientist my friends
will vote for this it's just like relief
from studying and work you know but it's
still mentally stimulating and since
being home
I've been reading New Scientist even
more frequently I know a lot of you
might be at a loose end at the moment
what with being stuck indoors not having
much to do I could tell you from
personal experiences that New Scientist
is the answer it gives you really good
things to talk about in admissions
interviews university applications cover
letters I always get so many questions
from people asking me how they can best
prepare for applications to university
applications to Oxbridge applications
for a science internship and my answer
is always to just show enthusiasm for
your subjects a new scientist is the
perfect way to do that there's so many
articles or so many varied topics that
there's going to be something for
everyone it covers all the current
affairs from a scientific perspective
and it's just not a sure to read I
really enjoy it it's a hobby I was
reading the future article a few days
ago on the importance of strength
exercise and this article has had such a
big impact on me it's making me rethink
my whole exercise routine the article
spoke about how strength exercise is
often overlooked and people see it as
just a way to bulk up yes every big
exercise is important but strength
exercise is really important too and can
lower your risk of so many different
health complications this article was
actually a prime example of how
accessible New Scientist articles are
because I haven't studied biology in
about five years now and this article
did speak a lot about the human body but
I could understand
I could follow it and still took stuff
away from the article I still learnt
from it this is the New Scientist
website on my laptop a digital
subscription gives you unlimited access
to everything on this website you can
download and read all the latest issues
on the app you get full access to the
New Scientist digital archives you can
watch all the brilliant new scientists
live talks and you get full access to
their digital book theories and new
scientists have very kindly given me an
exclusive offer to share with you guys
so if you go to the link in the
description below you can get ten weeks
of New Scientist for ten pounds and yeah
I am gonna head off and read some new
scientists now and then we'll go back to
the page in the book doing her work
[Music]
hello Pete so I'm feeling annoyed with
myself right now because I've just been
going over my computing project just to
check that everything I've done is fine
I know this has been going on for days
you can judge me you like like I'm just
the worst at finishing work off clearly
and I'm just I'm too much of a
perfectionist but anyway I've just been
checking over in its lucky I am a
perfectionist because I've spotted a
incorrect index in my foundation piece
of code for one of my projects and it's
gonna have a knock-on effect throughout
the whole project so all my graphs and
table outputs at the moment are
incorrect because of this one wrong
index override in the grand scheme of
things it won't make much difference to
the mathematical observations I'm taking
from this stuff but some of the figures
in my report are going to be wrong and
the markers are definitely gonna be
checking those figures I've got to rerun
it all but at least I realized now I was
desperately hoping the past page had a
reason for putting I plus one rather
than I plus two but past page did not
have a reason past page was just stupid
but you know present pages here I've got
past pages back and I've sorted things
out in other news I'm really hungry
my tummy's been rumbling so much it's
because at University we have dinner
forty Jesus calf opens at five forty
first three years of my life I've been
going for dinner at five forty I've been
conditioned to have dinner at five forty
and now I'm home for the foreseeable
future
and my family like having dinner at like
7:30 or later ashley is 655 now maybe
I'm being overly dramatic but this is
late I'm hungry I need food my body is
telling me I need food but the thing is
if I complain and say I need food
earlier everyone will be like Paige why
don't you cook and I can't cook that
great hey peeps I've had dinner I've
just been sitting back at my desk trying
to run code that takes forever to run I
think maybe I've just coded it really
inefficiently but I'm about to head
downstairs because the Prime Minister is
about to make an announcement most
people are saying I think it's going to
be lockdown I don't know if but I'd like
to keep up to date with what the
government's saying so I'm gonna go head
down and watch that on TV with my family
everybody so having spoken to yet today
I'm literally losing track the days of
merging into one yeah as expected the
country has been put on lockdown today
we could only go out for essential
shopping exercise once per day for
medical reasons people are allowed out
or to help a vulnerable person but aside
from why you're stuck inside now the
whole family is working from home my dad
has transported all his work to the
house now so my mom's working upstairs
my dad's working downstairs I'm working
in my room my sister is just not working
because she doesn't have work the point
I'm at is I'm frustrated with my
computing projects I was frustrated a
few months ago and then at the time I
thought hey I'm gonna leave it and leave
it the future Paige to deal with and
then come back to it and hopefully have
a light bulb moment anyway I have now
come back to it and no light bulb moment
has occurred it's like the final
question literally that I'm stuck on so
the project is almost fully done I think
I'm gonna leave it because the thing is
if I keep going with it now I'm just go
spend days and days and
on it it's just not worth it I need to
get on with my other revision so I'm
gonna leave this now come back to it
about a week before I need to submit it
and I know I'll actually work more
effectively on it if the deadlines
closer as well because I'll feel
pressured to do the work yeah I'm gonna
get on with some revision I've got eight
modules to revise I've done eight
lecture courses this year I think I'm
going to start with relativity because I
didn't revise that much after last term
there's definitely part of the lecture
course that went over my head relativity
revision starting now hey peeps so I've
just been searching for lecture
recordings for one of my modules because
I am sure I have seen some voice
recordings for my relativity course
somewhere at some point yeah I can't
find them anywhere and now I'm doubting
whether they actually exist so I'm gonna
ask around a bit more and see if anyone
else knows all of my other lecture
courses were definitely not recorded
it's quite unfortunate really because
quite a lot of the other science
departments do record their lectures
that the university is just the physics
department and the astrophysics
department don't like recording lectures
I kind of get it because I mean the
chemistry lectures are really poorly
attended because they record all of them
so students just stay at home in bed and
do their lectures from laughs but for
physics and astrophysics it would have
been nice if the lectures were recorded
especially because they have the
software to do it and they're gonna be
forced to record them next term anyway
cuz no one's going to Alexis I'm just
going to clear up this cat sound stuff I
kind of think I know what I'm doing with
it now I've got an interpretation of
what the question is asking I think it's
a valid interpretation of what the
questions asking so I'm just gonna go
with it so I have an answer at least and
I'm not leaving it blank it's kind of
fiddly and it's going to take me some
time concentrating just to get my
program written properly and I don't
feel like doing that right now
so I'm gonna leave that as a light
project for future me I just don't look
at my diary these days it's quite
depressing really because like I'm stuck
indoors all day every day revising all
day every day I don't I don't have plans
anymore
this is my lever art file of relativity
lecture notes and
example sheet questions it's not that
fat at the moment but I envisage this
getting fatter over the time as I do
more practice questions and I also have
my relativity flashcards they're
incomplete but I kind of tried to make
flashcards as I was going along with the
course in the first term how am I gonna
tackle this I don't Reno I don't know
how to revise this year to be quite
honest with you guys cuz I just don't
know what my assessments gonna be like I
don't know what to do I'm just gonna
start walking through the lecture notes
I think and go through my example sheet
questions just to recap all of them so
I'm confident with all the example she
questions they've set asked throughout
the year and then I'm going to have a
look at some past paper questions and
hope that whatever they do set us will
be along the same lines I have that
filming and not on time-lapse my hand
hurts already guys okay we're good at
time-lapse now
[Music]
hello everyone so I'm quite pleased with
myself because I got a good lot of work
done yesterday I might have been a bit
slow to get going today had a bit of a
lie-in by accident took a long time
having breakfast - what can you do today
I need to plan and film a video about
stars and go do some area of stellar
structure or stellar evolution haven't
decided what yet but basically I'm
involved with the study tube project
we're doing a video every day teaching
people about an area we're interested in
and I'm doing it with a load of other
study tubers it's my turn to make a
video I need to sound knowledgeable
somehow about stars and I should be
because I've had a whole lecture course
on stars so hopefully I know my stuff
I've got a white board at the ready you
can see it over there I just need to
plan out what I'm gonna say so I'm gonna
start this morning it's actually even
morning still to be honest it's probably
afternoon by this point what time is it
11:40 - nope we're still in the morning
well done Paige getting going in the
morning I'm gonna start by revising some
bits from my stars lecture course then
I'm going to take out the bits I want to
talk about in the video and then try and
figure out the level I'm pitching it out
[Music]
Bonjour everyone I think I've said that
earlier this week I don't know why look
down is turning me French but anyway I
have just filmed a YouTube video for the
study to project YouTube channel
I became teacher paid for the morning
got very professional there's my tripod
had a bit of a mare to be honest with
you guys got the whiteboard out tried
the whiteboard pen and it was working to
start off we've got about a sentence in
and it ran out and I thought gray is my
sister's whiteboard and she owns the
whiteboard pens but also her room is a
mess
I had to hunt through her room for a
working whiteboard pendel I was like
great okay let's go sit down and
actually film but by that point I was
hungry my tummy started rumbling and I
thought well this isn't very
professional kind of my tummy rumbling
throughout the video so then I had to
run and get food but find there managed
to film it I will link the video in the
description go check it out if you
haven't seen it already over on the
study 2 project channel subscribe over
there as well so that was fun to film
actually here's a funny story my sister
had my debit card and driver's license
cuz I gave them to her the other day
when she was collecting an order for me
and I forgot she had them it wasn't
until yesterday evening when I thought
wait where am i card and ID I haven't
even been out the house so how have I
lost them then I realized she had them
she was like oh yeah forgot about that
then she goes oh I might have used your
card to buy something earlier I was like
excuse me I should put my card in for
some online payment earlier in the day
thinking apparently it was her card hmm
sounds thought you to me she claims it
was an accident so yeah I have reclaimed
my debit card and ID I thought that was
very cheeky of her these are the sorts
of people I'm in lockdown with guys help
me out yeah I'm gonna edit my video and
I think I'm gonna end this video here
because I have been filming for a week
now
oh I also want to say thank you for some
of the lovely messages I received on
Instagram and in the YouTube comments
people are being like really like
understanding and lovely about me having
to leave University so suddenly and you
know I have found it an adjustment and I
have found it quite
to accept but all the lovely messages
I've been getting have made it a lot
easier so thank you for that right I'm
gonna get to my editing this afternoon
but see you guys later thank you for
watching this video give it a like
subscribe down below follow me on
Instagram which is at under school page
underscore Y thanks for watching guys
bye bye
[Music]
you